In this lecture, BBC How to you sorting while working with spring guitarist so here in our bicycle
database, the Austrian table?
Now let's see here we want to start student.
It is by first name caller.
Then what we do in the sequel?
OK.
Order by then.
Our column name, right?
So here first name and brand equity.
So now we are sorting this and it is by first name column, OK?
And by default, the director then is ascending.
And if we want to sort by first name in the descending order, OK, then we do like this right in the
sequel database.
Now let's do the same thing while working with spring guitarist.
Let's jump to Bossman.
This is the EPA we're calling right to get this it.
And depending on the pitch size, we are getting the details.
So let's call this EPA of a spring board application is already running.
OK, so called EPA.
And we got 10 records, OK, because our page sizes 10.
Now let's apply, citing what he had OK while working with spring guitarist and that we need to do using
that query parameter.
So here in the URL, we need to pass one query parameter chart.
OK.
So Article two now here by which column we want to sort by first name column, right?
So let's go to our entity class $1.0.
Open this one.
Here we have map it a first name column with this will right first name.
So this we need to parse, OK, we don't need to parse the colony.
Don't make a mistake, OK?
We need to pass this bill.
OK, with which we have done the mapping et column, in addition.
So this we need to pass word here.
That's it.
Called EPA.
See, let's compare with this one, OK?
Don't provide anything, what here?
Now compare 24, 14 13.
Sorry.
24, 14, 23 and 13, right?
So 24.
Then we are getting 14, 23 and 13 and so on.
So here also by default, the direct sun is ascending.
But let's say we want to help descending that accent.
So under your field, OK, how the comma and provide like this one DSC for the descending called IPA?
Let's compare with our second one.
OK?
17 for 17.
So it's equal to 17 for seven in 10.
So while working with spring, that arrest, if you want to add to the sorting, then this is all you
need to do.
You need to pass one query parameter that is sort equal to your field, whatever you have again, mapping
with your column in all and the direction by default sending.
So if you want us ending that X and then you don't need to provide anything or here, this is fine.
OK?
By default, these are sending.
But if you want descending, then you need to provide explicitly, OK, so call this one.
Now here, our bid sizes tent, right, so along with this sorting set, for example, we want to help
Biagini, isn't it?
Let's see.
We want to get that topic.
So on that, we should get phone records, right?
Because our bid says it's 10 and total, we have 24 records.
OK.
So in this great, if we say, then we should get these four records on the part of it.
So let's sales starting and bidding isn't together.
So after this, OK, we need to pass another query parameter garbage number equal to three.
That means to write zero based index called API 13 23 49 24.
See, this is what we are getting on the top of Page Portal for records.
So if you want, you can help businessmen starting together as well, OK?
And this we have already seen in the previous lectures, right?
So now the focus is on this part.
This one?
From here to here.
OK, so to do the sorting while working with spring guitarist.
This is what you need to do.
So that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.